PowerShell script that automate the installation building on Windows (#4424)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/developer/source/win-installer.rst

.. note:: This step requires a Windows machine.

> .. note:: A Powershell script that automates the folliwing steps is avaialble `Here <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/edit/master/src/release/installer/win/win-installer-builder.ps1>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: A Powershell script that automates the following steps is avaialble `Here <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/edit/master/src/release/installer/win/win-installer-builder.ps1>`_.
```

> .. note:: A Powershell script that automates the following steps is avaialble `Here <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/edit/master/src/release/installer/win/win-installer-builder.ps1>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: A community provided Powershell script that automates the following steps is available `here <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/edit/master/src/release/installer/win/win-installer-builder.ps1>`_.
```
